# smartclide-security
	The Security-related Static Analysis (SSA) subcomponent will be in charge of evaluating the internal security of subservices and the overall Workflow based on any code-level security issues discovered in the source code. In reality, the objective of this subcomponent will be to detect possible security vulnerabilities in the web services' source code, as well as to offer high-level security ratings. Based on any code-level security concerns found in the source code, the Security-related Static Analysis (SSA) subcomponent will be in responsible of assessing the internal security of subservices and the overall Workflow. In fact, the goal of this subcomponent will be to detect potential security flaws in the source code of web services and to provide high-level security ratings. 
	Our method is built around a framework for doing security-related static analysis on a particular software application. This framework allows the execution of numerous static code analyzers for a specific software product, as well as the reporting of potential vulnerabilities found in its source code. The integration of various tools is critical for increasing the likelihood of discovering additional security flaws. Different technologies may identify various sorts of security problems and support various programming languages. The source code for each programming language is evaluated, and thorough reports containing mistakes and potential security vulnerabilities in the code are provided, depending on the tool and security standards examined. Using such tools, the developer may quickly detect security flaws in the software implementation, as well as have a comprehensive analysis of his code and the mistakes that occur, providing a "indicator" of how safe his product is when combined with our model. 
